Title: Q4 Product Planning Meeting
Date: 2025-12-15
Attendees: Sarah Johnson, Mike Chen, Emily Rodriguez, David Kim
Duration: 45 minutes

Sarah: Welcome everyone to our Q4 product planning meeting. Let's start by reviewing our current roadmap status.

Mike: The mobile app redesign is 80% complete. We should be ready for beta testing by next Friday.

Emily: That's great progress. For the API v2 migration, we're facing some challenges with backward compatibility. We need to decide whether to maintain both versions or force migration.

Team Discussion: After discussing the pros and cons, we agreed that maintaining two versions would create too much technical debt.

Decision: We decided to provide a 6-month migration window and deprecate API v1 by June 2026. We'll send migration guides to all existing API users.

David: I can draft the migration documentation. I'll have the first version ready by next Wednesday.

Sarah: Perfect. @David will create migration docs by December 22nd.

Emily: We also need to address the performance issues reported by enterprise customers. The dashboard loading time has increased by 40% over the last quarter.

Mike: I'll investigate the root cause and propose optimization strategies. This is urgent - we need to fix this before the holidays.

Action: Mike to analyze performance bottlenecks and create optimization plan by December 18th (high priority).

Sarah: For Q1 2026, we're considering adding real-time collaboration features. Emily, can you research competitive solutions and prepare a feasibility analysis?

Emily: Absolutely. I'll look at Figma, Miro, and Google Docs approaches. Should have preliminary findings in 2 weeks.

Action: @Emily to complete competitive analysis for real-time collaboration by December 29th.

David: One more thing - our security audit revealed some vulnerabilities in the authentication flow. We should prioritize fixing these.

Decision: Security vulnerabilities take priority over feature development. We'll allocate sprint capacity accordingly.

Sarah: Great point. Mike, can you work with the security team on remediation?

Mike: Yes, I'll coordinate with them. We should also schedule a follow-up security review once fixes are deployed.

Sarah: Agreed. Let's reconvene in early January to review progress on all these items. Thanks everyone for a productive meeting!

Next Meeting: Early January 2026 to review migration progress, performance improvements, and security fixes.
